so that's it it's and everything's
packed in there and it should look about
like that with lots of tape lots of
packing stuff all over it's a little
ghetto but it'll be cool we're gonna put
the big cover on the top there and then
tape it up and get shipped off but there
it is all 200 and almost 75 pounds who
knows
alright so the piano is now packed
inside we're gonna put all the
accessories and things on the top more
bubble wrap than you'll know to do with
all right so we're almost done packing
as you will see there's four little
baggies one two three four with screws
in them for bags and just make sure you
find them all four
inside this is the piano bench there's a
little screw wrench that you can take
out just take the little stuff off and
put the legs back on just with four
screws one two three four and tightening
it i'm sure nice and tight so we're
gonna take it apart right now to ship it
alright in case there's any question
washers are on the outside
you can the music stands off so you'll
put the music stand on that's the next
step or you if you want you could do
this step completely totally last after
everything to get assembled all right
probably easiest to do this last all
right
four little screws two on each side all
and it comes off yes okay
alright we've taken all the legs off and
now we're putting the speaker grille
back on before of course then you put
the legs on do you have to remove the
speaker grille to do the same to put
them on all right there you go
so we're disassembling by taking the
speaker grille off which I just did
there's 1 2 3 screws here and two screws
here so it's gonna be legs in and then
this off to remove the legs or to put
the back on so 5 screws on each side 10
total this will stay attached
through before you can put the legs in
you just turn upside down it will come
out pull it back out what yeah alright
so we removed the little twist tie that
are the cut that was in there so we took
it off this little thing here is just a
little wrap around so when you put the
cable back you can just wrap it right
around the cable to make sure it's in
there and that's it alright so as we are
taking this apart this leg has the
electronics that the pedal attaches to
this little thing plugs right back in
here very carefully but I think to
transport you have to take this off so
we're gonna cut this little tie here and
then you know you can either reattach it
with the tie or not worry about it
but we are going to take this tie off so
that this leg can come out and be free
alright alright so there's gonna a left
leg in the right leg
you'll know the leg that goes through
here because it's got the connections
for the electronics alright
which plug in right there so now we're
going to take the these screws out of
the legs so you guys have to put those
on obviously before
so as we took the legs off we noticed
that there's this little attachment here
so you'll have to attach that before you
put the legs on first thing we're doing
is removing the legs this whole assembly
is going to come off so that'll be the
last thing you put on there are four
screws on the bottoms of each of these
one two three four and to then attach
here
one two so six on each leg
and down here
little video just make sure now to
scratch anywhere no holes in anything
and back here
Oh
you